Autonomous robotic weed control systems hold promise toward the automation of one of agriculture's few remaining unmechanized and drudging tasks, hand weed control. Robotic technology may also provide a means of reducing agriculture's current dependency on herbicides, improving its sustainability and reducing its environmental impact. This review describes the current status of the four core technologies required for the successful development of a generalpurpose robotic system for weed control. A few complete robotic weed control systems have demonstrated the potential of the technology in the field. An accurate and reliable image based fruit detection system is critical for supporting higher level agriculture tasks such as yield mapping and robotic harvesting. A realtime intelligent robotic weed control system was developed for selective herbicide application to inrow weeds using machine vision and precision chemical application. The robotic vision system took 0.  cm region of seedline containing 10 plant objects, allowing the prototype robotic weed control system to travel at a continuous rate of 1. The overall performance of the robotic system in a commercial processing tomato field and in simulated trials is discussed. Automatic yield estimation based on robotic agriculture provides a viable solution in this regard. Plant transformation has enabled fundamental insights into plant biology and revolutionized commercial agriculture. Singlecell and robotic techniques should be developed for highthroughput genomic screens. The application of agricultural machinery in precision agriculture has experienced an increase in investment and research due to the use of robotics applications in the machinery design and task executions. It motivates agricultural robotics. It is expected that, in the near future, autonomous vehicles will be at the heart of all precision agriculture applications. The goal of agricultural robotics is more than just the application of robotics technologies to agriculture. Abstract A robotic platform for mapping of weed populations in fields was used to demonstrate intelligent concepts for autonomous vehicles in agriculture which may eventually result in a new sustainable model for developed agriculture. 