Autonomous robotic weed control systems hold promise toward the automation of one of agriculture's few remaining unmechanized and drudging tasks, hand weed control. Robotic technology may also provide a means of reducing agriculture's current dependency on herbicides, improving its sustainability and reducing its environmental impact. This review describes the current status of the four core technologies (guidance, detection and identification, precision in-row weed control, and mapping) required for the successful development of a general-purpose robotic system for weed control. Of the four, detection and identification of weeds under the wide range of conditions common to agricultural fields remains the greatest challenge. A few complete robotic weed control systems have demonstrated the potential of the technology in the field. Additional research and development is needed to fully realize this potential.

An accurate and reliable image based fruit detection system is critical for supporting higher level agriculture tasks such as yield mapping and robotic harvesting. This paper presents the use of a state-of-the-art object detection framework, Faster R-CNN, in the context of fruit detection in orchards, including mangoes, almonds and apples. Ablation studies are presented to better understand the practical deployment of the detection network, including how much training data is required to capture variability in the dataset. Data augmentation techniques are shown to yield significant performance gains, resulting in a greater than two-fold reduction in the number of training images required. In contrast, transferring knowledge between orchards contributed to negligible performance gain over initialising the Deep Convolutional Neural Network directly from ImageNet features. Finally, to operate over orchard data containing between 100–1000 fruit per image, a tiling approach is introduced for the Faster R-CNN framework. The study has resulted in the best yet detection performance for these orchards relative to previous works, with an F1-score of > 0.9 achieved for apples and mangoes.

A real-time intelligent robotic weed control system was developed for selective herbicide application to in-row weeds using machine vision and precision chemical application. The robotic vision system took 0.34s to process one image, representing a 11.43 cm by 10.16 cm region of seedline containing 10 plant objects, allowing the prototype robotic weed control system to travel at a continuous rate of 1.20 km/h. The overall performance of the robotic system in a commercial processing tomato field and in simulated trials is discussed.

Recent years have witnessed significant advancement in computer vision research based on deep learning. Success of these tasks largely depends on the availability of a large amount of training samples. Labeling the training samples is an expensive process. In this paper, we present a simulated deep convolutional neural network for yield estimation. Knowing the exact number of fruits, flowers, and trees helps farmers to make better decisions on cultivation practices, plant disease prevention, and the size of harvest labor force. The current practice of yield estimation based on the manual counting of fruits or flowers by workers is a very time consuming and expensive process and it is not practical for big fields. Automatic yield estimation based on robotic agriculture provides a viable solution in this regard. Our network is trained entirely on synthetic data and tested on real data. To capture features on multiple scales, we used a modified version of the Inception-ResNet architecture. Our algorithm counts efficiently even if fruits are under shadow, occluded by foliage, branches, or if there is some degree of overlap amongst fruits. Experimental results show a 91% average test accuracy on real images and 93% on synthetic images.

Plant transformation has enabled fundamental insights into plant biology and revolutionized commercial agriculture. Unfortunately, for most crops, transformation and regeneration remain arduous even after more than 30 years of technological advances. Genome editing provides novel opportunities to enhance crop productivity but relies on genetic transformation and plant regeneration, which are bottlenecks in the process. Here, we review the state of plant transformation and point to innovations needed to enable genome editing in crops. Plant tissue culture methods need optimization and simplification for efficiency and minimization of time in culture. Currently, specialized facilities exist for crop transformation. Single-cell and robotic techniques should be developed for high-throughput genomic screens. Plant genes involved in developmental reprogramming, wound response, and/or homologous recombination should be used to boost the recovery of transformed plants. Engineering universal Agrobacterium tumefaciens strains and recruiting other microbes, such as Ensifer or Rhizobium, could facilitate delivery of DNA and proteins into plant cells. Synthetic biology should be employed for de novo design of transformation systems. Genome editing is a potential game-changer in crop genetics when plant transformation systems are optimized.

The application of agricultural machinery in precision agriculture has experienced an increase in investment and research due to the use of robotics applications in the machinery design and task executions. Precision autonomous farming is the operation, guidance, and control of autonomous machines to carry out agricultural tasks. It motivates agricultural robotics. It is expected that, in the near future, autonomous vehicles will be at the heart of all precision agriculture applications [1]. The goal of agricultural robotics is more than just the application of robotics technologies to agriculture. Currently, most of the automatic agricultural vehicles used for weed detection, agrochemical dispersal, terrain leveling, irrigation, etc. are manned. An autonomous performance of such vehicles will allow for the continuous supervision of the field, since information regarding the environment can be autonomously acquired, and the vehicle can then perform its task accordingly.

Abstract A robotic platform for mapping of weed populations in fields was used to demonstrate intelligent concepts for autonomous vehicles in agriculture which may eventually result in a new sustainable model for developed agriculture. The vehicle presented here is adapted to operate in 0·25 and 0·5 m row crops and equipped with cameras for row guidance and weed detection. A modular approach is taken with four identical wheel modules, allowing four wheel steering and propulsion of the platform. The result is improved mobility which allows parallel displacement of the vehicle during turns by decoupling adjustments in position from adjustments in orientation. Control of the platform is provided through a vehicle electronics and control system based on embedded controllers and standard communication protocols. The software implements a hybrid deliberate software architecture that allows a hierarchical decomposition of the operation. The lowest level implements a reactive feedback control mechanism based on an extension of simple control for car-like vehicles to the four wheel case. The controller design forces the front and rear of the vehicle to follow a pre-determined path and allows the vehicle to maintain a fixed orientation relative to the path. The controller rationale is outlined and results from experiments in the field are presented.

Agri-Food is the largest manufacturing sector in the UK. It supports a food chain that generates over £108bn p.a., with 3.9m employees in a truly international industry and exports £20bn of UK manufactured goods. However, the global food chain is under pressure from population growth, climate change, political pressures affecting migration, population drift from rural to urban regions and the demographics of an aging global population. These challenges are recognised in the UK Industrial Strategy white paper and backed by significant investment via a Wave 2 Industrial Challenge Fund Investment ("Transforming Food Production: from Farm to Fork"). Robotics and Autonomous Systems (RAS) and associated digital technologies are now seen as enablers of this critical food chain transformation. To meet these challenges, this white paper reviews the state of the art in the application of RAS in Agri-Food production and explores research and innovation needs to ensure these technologies reach their full potential and deliver the necessary impacts in the Agri-Food sector.